in this quick guide I will show how to
configure the Devolder USB mobile
broadband Rooter DMR so that you can
connect it to the internet mobile
internet via a 3G USB wireless modem
such as this one in the modem you must
first insert a SIM card from your
operator and you must be aware of two
things one is the pin code obviously and
the other is what's called the access
point name which is the name of the the
router in your mobile operators network
which will allow you to connect to the
internet so simply insert the modem into
the room here one of the two USB ports
has such power on the router and it's
Yosi few lights will be powering on and
then what we do is an Ethernet cable
which is connected to this computer here
will plug in to one of the four LAN
ports in the back like that in there so
you'll see the third LAN light is
turning on or has turned on next what we
do is the final computer we have the
internet explorer browser here it could
be Firefox as well you can then go to
the URL bar and type in the address
[Applause]
192.168.0.1
and you come to the login page of the
young life we're asking for the username
and password username is admin password
is password push login and as you can
see here it reports that the backhaul
technology there says novotel 3g while
novotel is the name of the supplier of
the USB modem that we've inserted as you
can see there and 3G is just the
technology that we're using here in in
this demonstration revision of the
firmware that's running on DMR is also
reported as you can see here it says 1.1
I'll just zoom in there and also says
the date of the firmware built
when you have any support issues and
you'd like to escalate it towards us or
your distributor and I always provide
them your serial number which is stated
here so what we do now is in order to
get online with the internet we need to
go start the wizard and the wizard is a
nice application very easy to use so
that you can get online very quickly
click on next and what we do here is we
can set the password of the actual UMR
so that you remember when you we did a
login there was the admin and it was
password well here you can change that
password out to something else
I'll just put something very complicated
like 1 2 3 4 or 5 obviously I don't
suggest you people do that either but
please change it to whatever you find
fitting for you
push next the wireless LAN is enabled by
default you can disable it and you can
also change the name of your wireless
LAN so that whenever you log into in
Windows it says so you've connected to
the vital well you can always change it
to something else like your name or
whatever but here we'll leave it as de
voto since I'm working in marketing at
the bottom and I don't want to change it
to something else obviously so push next
and here we have the ability to encrypt
our wireless LAN transmission so that
people cannot access your UMR without
any key so what we do is in order to
encrypt we push enable encryption and
then we can decide on which strength we
use on the encryption so if you choose
128-bit that means that you have 13
characters you gotta fill it into this
key space here and if you use 64-bit
you're gonna have up to 5 K or you have
to have 5 characters in there so put 64
bit like that you can see my key push
next
now if your SIM card has a pin code or
if you disabled it
you can either fill it in here or just
leave a blank respectively so I don't
have a pin code on my on my SIM card
because I've disabled it so I'll leave
that blank and for the access point name
my operators called three here in Sweden
and their access point name is called
Bret bond dot 3sc now if you're not sure
where to get this information one place
you can try always first is in your
modem when you insert it in the computer
it may report that information when you
do the connection however if you're
really not sure on how to do that
call your help desk from at the operator
and see what it is and sometimes they
even post this information on the
website other times it's in Google
obviously and if you don't know you can
always ask us and we can help you find
it they'll push Next
and now it says here the wizard is
finished to use your new settings the
your mind needs to restart close this
window and restart the Ammar frame your
settings to take effect
ok so we push on closed there and there
we go so now we start takes about a
minute then it'll come online again
thank you bye bye